If you want to make changes to an origin profile and apply those changes to a target customer,
you'll need to overwrite the copied profile on the target customer's account.
Overwriting primarily involves repeating the copying process,
and replacing the previously copied profile with the updated origin profile.
To update or overwrite a copied profile, you'll need to do the following:
First make your changes to the origin profile.
You can quickly do this by going to the COPYABLE PROFILES tab,
then clicking the name of the origin profile you want to update.
In our example, let's imagine that we want to update our original Knox Manage profile.
Click the profile name to go to the origin customer’s Knox Manage console.
Make your changes as required.
In our example, we'll update our KSP policies 1 profile to allow devices to have a factory reset.
After making the profile changes, head back to the Knox MSP Portal,
then go to the COPYABLE PROFILES tab on the Profiles page.
For Knox Manage profiles specifically, you'll see an updated version number in the
PROFILE INFO column letting you know that the profile was changed.
Select the updated profile from the list, then click Actions, Copy or overwrite profile to customers.
After selecting the target customer, ensure that the profile name
on the target customer's account matches the name of the profile that you want to overwrite,
then click CREATE PROFILES, then CONFIRM.
If you want to remove an origin profile from the COPYABLE PROFILES table,
you can simply select it from the list, then click Actions, Remove copyable profile.
Note that removing the profile from the list doesn't actually remove
the profile from either the origin or target customer's accounts.
If you want to permanently remove the profiles, you'll need to go into each
customer's account and manually delete them from the console.
This concludes part two of the MSP profile video series,
on how to overwrite and remove copyable profiles.
Check out the following videos in the series to learn how you can manage copied Enrollment
and Knox Manage profiles on behalf of your customers,
or review part one to learn how to get started with copyable profiles.
For additional help at any time, see our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!